Docs: Relabel SEO guide as explanation (Diátaxis) (#10004)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/glossary.rst

      Projects have a *default version*, usually the latest stable version of a project.
      The *default version* is the URL that is redirected to when a users loads the `/` URL for your project.

   discoverability
      A documentation page is said to be *discoverable* when a user that needs it can find it through various methods:

>       Navigation, searching and cross-references from other pages are the

Author: ouch :/

>       Navigation, searching and cross-references from other pages are the

Author: fixed

   discoverability
      A documentation page is said to be *discoverable* when a user that needs it can find it through various methods:

>       Navigation, in-docs searching, cross-references from other pages, and search engine optimization are the most typical ways of making content *discoverable*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Navigation, searching, and links from other pages are the most typical ways of making content *discoverable*.
```

The SEO reference feels a bit out of place here, I think?
